So let's see what our next steps are.
The next step is to actually add as simple node express server which allows us to run our application.
So for that we'll we can scroll down a bit we will trade a news server dot TS file directly and our
root project folder you can just copy that entire file here.
But again I will explain what we're doing here.
No worries.
So let's copy it.
Let's create it next to the annular Jason fault the server dot TS fault.
Yes we'll write this in typescript and paste in the content.
Now for this to run we need to install some additional dependencies so let's run NPM install dash dash
safe and one dependency is expressed as package which is installed just express not express chance just
express.
This is a framework for note J.S. which we use in that file to conveniently handle incoming requests
and send back responses because with no change as we are writing our own server which is doing all the
request response handling and we need no trace because it uses Javascript and it's therefore capable
of running our angler app so that a single or universal thing for now can really only be used with NO.
We then also have a couple of ports imports here which are default no chase packages.
So that will work since you have no chase installed.
Just as a side note check no Ts dot org.
And feel free to download the latest.
No chairs were in there.
If you encounter any issues from this module because you will need a fairly recent where you have no
chance for it at all to work.
But back to our dependencies will install the Express's framework and that is actually all which we
need to add for now.
So let's hit enter to download this and all the store entry unpackaged are Jason and let me then walk
you through this file.
No in this file we first of all import some things.
The first two imports are needed by angular to be correctly set up on the server.
We also do import them into client side bundle and we need to load them early on the service side for
everything to work then we're importing something from platform server which will allow us to bootstrap
our annular app on the server.
We import an able prod mode which we don't call here to basically turn our app or set our app to production
mode to put some optimizations into place.
Then we import the express package that notorious framework we import the choice method from a default
no chase package which allows us to join multiple Poth segments and file names into a long absolute
path on the operating system and we import redefault sync from the file system package no Chia's offers
which will allow us to work with files and we will need that to load our index h tim l file which we
want to Par's and pre-rendered.
So populate with real content in this server side code.
We're then creating our express app that is must have to be able to use decompress features.
We then set up the port number where we want to service during development 4000 and we stored the payoff
to our disk folder in.
Well constantly.
And this is just constructed with the help of the join method where we take the current working directory
and then add the dist folder.
So this constructs an absolute path to that folder.
Now it becomes interesting.
We read in that index H.T. mail file from the browser subfolder in that disk folder and that doesn't
exist yet that's created by running the normal client site built with Engy build dashed Esch brought.
This will now build the package for the client side as you're used to.
Now this will do lazy loading ahead of time compilation.
It'll include all these things.
It's a normal build and it will build it into the browser subfolder in the disk folder because that
is what we changed in the angular Jason File there.
I changed the output folder to disk browser.
Therefore once this is done in this folder we will have the second.
It's not done yet.
We'll have a second folder.
The browser folder.
Now it is done.
Here it is from that browser folder we're pulling in that index H.T. mail file.
We're importing debt into our server TS file with this line and important.
We are converting it to a string so to text that is our template we don't import other features from
our comp. main file.
And here there actually is an error.
Our file is stored in Dist server and it's just named main Not main bundle.
So remove the dot bandleader.
These are features which were created when we built our app for the service site and they are required
to make that connection between the roadside and client side and pre-build the app on the server.
We then import pro-white module map from this package to make lazy loading work.
And then here we're putting it all together.
EXPRESS G-S knows so-called template engines.
These are basically tools which enable express to pre render H.T. mail files on the server not just
with angular But typically with Obert server side rendering engines like pack Ejay ass or handlebars.
It can run javascript code there too.
And now we use it with the angular Server engine we create that engine by tailing express that we want
to use it on H.T. mail files and that we don't want to basically set up a renderer which should use
our template as a preset the template based on the file We've pulled in with some default options which
we won't overwrite the defaults are fine when we provide that module map which is required to internally
enable lazy loading because it will basically give you a pass on the information about which extra chunks
we have and then that's it.
It will then call this callback here where it passes on the pre-rendered h.
So Dad will be our pre rendered HTL page for which ever route we request it desire there's this engine
or this configures it.
I should say with this line we're done registering it as our age to view engine we're basically saying
hey please add an engine to the Express app for aged him l and we define the h l engine here.
We dentals I have to inform express where to find our views and there we're saying you'll find them
in the disk folder in the browser folder.
Now view is a big word.
We only have one index H.T. mail file but that's still an important piece of information.
Where is this located where Denne setting up Express to always return all files from within the browser
folder statically so that when our app doesn't run in the client and we want to get the javascript file
or some see as us fall that this can be downloaded and then we're saying all routes which we don't know.
So basically all routes because we have a wild card will be handled by rendering back a new page and
we're pointing at the specific template we want to use here.
The index age team will fall in our browser folder in the disk folder.
Since this is registered as a views folder the view engine will kick in and since it's the age Jamail
file this h m l view engine will do its job and dad will therefore pre render that file.
It will take to index tremelo file and fill it with life.
This is our server side code.
Now we can't execute it just yet because it's written in typescript for no charges to work.
We need to compile it to javascript because no it doesn't natively work with typescript.
So let's write some compilation logic in the next lecture before we can finally see this in action.